Not long ago,
I singled out the most frequently asked
and typical questions in the comment section
and did a skin care Q&A session.
As a result, I received even more questions.
One friend asked whether
the small molecule hyaluronic acid advertised by merchants
really has the effect of filling the skin
, and whether it can fight aging as the merchants claim.
Another friend asked
that hyaluronic acid, once hailed as one of the three major anti-aging ingredients, is
now said to be only capable of repairing but not fighting aging.
Who is right?
A third friend asked
that he used two skin care products but
ended up with a paste.
Was it a waste
? How can I identify and avoid
the problem of paste
when these two products are combined
? I think these three questions are quite representative,
so I decided to give you an additional session. Let's
explain these three questions clearly today.
Hello everyone, I'm the formulator Xingxing.
Let's talk about the first question:
hyaluronic acid. Let me first briefly explain to you
what hyaluronic
acid
is. Hyaluronic acid is widely present in our body.
Just like our eyeballs
, they are crystal clear
because the vitreous body is full of hyaluronic acid.
What about the joints in our body?
The reason they are so smooth when we exercise
is because they are full of hyaluronic acid
as a lubricant.
Our skin is also
one of the skins of young people.
So the reason why it looks full, plump
and translucent
is because it contains a lot of hyaluronic acid.
As we age,
our hyaluronic acid will gradually break down and be lost,
and our ability to produce hyaluronic acid will decline.
The consequences
are that our eyes will not be as bright,
and our joints
will creak when we move.
The skin will look less plump and
even dry, loose and sagging.
This is why
hyaluronic acid is a very important ingredient
in skincare products.
In the beginning,
scientists thought
that they could use
the hyaluronic acid
in our body as an ingredient in skincare products
. If you absorb it, it will replenish your skin.
But they soon discovered a problem.
The hyaluronic acid
in our body has
a very large molecular weight of
1.5 million to several million daltons.
When it is applied to the skin,
it can only stay on the surface of your skin
and cannot be absorbed
. Why can't it be absorbed?
It's like
my hyaluronic acid with a molecular weight of several million
is like an elephant
, and the gaps in your skin are only the size of a mouse hole.
It's impossible for an elephant to fit through a mouse hole,
so it can't be absorbed.
Then scientists started to think again.
Since our skin is so large
, They tried to cut it into smaller pieces,
using enzyme cutting or
hydrolysis techniques.
Regardless of the technology,
they ultimately managed to cut it into very small pieces.
Current hyaluronic acid production processes
can achieve a minimum molecular weight
of 500-800 Daltons. This
means that if an elephant were to become a small earthworm
, the mouse would definitely be able to fit into the hole.
Actual scientific research has proven this
: it can be absorbed into the dermis,
achieving the goal of good absorption.
So, did this small molecule of hyaluronic acid
achieve our
goal of supplementing hyaluronic acid to make the skin more plump?
No, why not?
Let me describe how
hyaluronic acid works
after it's absorbed into the skin.
Hyaluronic acid
is a very special molecule
that can bind 1,000 times its own weight in water molecules.
That is,
once it enters the skin,
it begins to grab
water molecules
until it has 1,000.
Once
it's full, the expanded molecule
is a hyaluronic acid molecule.
Imagine
if the absorbed hyaluronic acid was a large molecule
the size of a soccer ball, and
after grabbing the water molecules,
it could become the size of a soccer field
. Now,
there's a small molecule of hyaluronic acid
, perhaps only the size of a mung bean.
So, after grabbing 1,000 molecules, how big would it be?
One is the size of a ping-pong
ball. On one side is a hyaluronic acid molecule the size of a football field,
and on the other side are hyaluronic acid molecules the size of a ping-pong ball.
If both are put into your skin,
which one will provide better plumping
? So, the scientists started thinking again.
What if we had a way
to pull large molecule hyaluronic acid directly into the skin
? Wouldn't that solve the problem?
There are three ways for substances to enter the skin
: 1. Absorption through cells,
2. Absorption through skin appendages,
and 3. Absorption through the interstitial spaces of the skin.
So, if large molecules want to enter the skin...
Obviously, only path 3
is more reliable
, which is to use an external force
to push it in or pull it in from the skin gap.
For example, there is a raw material research and development company
that did something.
It used the attraction between
positive and negative charges
to pull the macromolecular hyaluronic acid into the skin.
Let me explain how this is done.
Our skin
is positively charged inside and
the surface of the skin is negatively charged.
However,
the positive charge inside is larger than
the charge on the surface of the skin.
Hyaluronic acid is naturally negatively charged
and not much.
So when we want it to be absorbed... The negative charge
on the surface of the skin
repels the negative charge of the hyaluronic acid itself,
making it difficult to absorb.
How does this special process treat hyaluronic acid?
It uses a material
that allows the hyaluronic acid to carry a particularly strong negative charge.
At this time,
the force of attraction between it and the positive and negative charges deep in the skin
is greater than the repulsive force between the skin and the surface of the skin
, pulling it in
. This
is just one example of specialized treatment.
In fact,
there are many ways to specifically treat hyaluronic acid,
such as wrapping it in microcapsules
, making some changes to the entire molecule,
acetylation, etc.
There are many ways
to apply an external force to the large molecule hyaluronic acid
to push it in and
pull it in.
To sum up. Next
, large-molecule hyaluronic acid
can be absorbed
after special treatment.
So, back to the question itself,
can small-molecule hyaluronic acid
make the skin more plump?
The answer is no.
We
need to buy specially treated molecular hyaluronic acid.
But for consumers,
there is a difficulty here .
Regardless of whether the hyaluronic acid
has been specially treated or not,
it is written in the formula sheet as
sodium hyaluronate.
In fact, it is difficult for users to distinguish.
So, to provide convenience for everyone,
I specially
collected the specially treated hyaluronic acid raw materials
on the market
and confirmed with the raw material companies
the list of products that
have added their special hyaluronic acid ingredients.
Because there are too many products
, I will pick out a few typical products
and put them at the end of this video.
The second question
is whether bosera can fight aging.
Before answering this question, let
's first
talk
about the physiological mechanism of
bosera after it is absorbed into our skin
. If we compare our dermis to a mattress
, the springs in the mattress are collagen.
Of course,
a mattress cannot have only springs,
it also has to have fillings
, that is, sponges.
However, the springs in our skin
are different from
the springs and sponges in a real mattress.
The springs and sponges in the skin
exist in this form.
This thread is what we call the spring,
that is, collagen,
and the ball on top is the sponge
. It is a filler for the skin.
What does
bosera do when it enters the skin
? It does two things.
One is that it makes the filler
, that is, the ball, more numerous.
The other
is that it makes the single ball bigger.
So how does bosera make the balls more numerous?
We can see
that there is an
interface at the connection between the ball and the spring.
The number of interfaces
determines how many balls there are on this spring.
This interface is a special chemical structure
called xylose
, and bosera
is a derivative of xylose.
After it enters the skin,
part of its body decomposes
to synthesize this interface.
When the number of synthesized interfaces increases,
the number of balls generated increases.
In short,
it is bosera. It uses part of its own body
to help you synthesize interfaces
to make your balls more.
Each ball
is not empty, and
it contains fillers.
This filler is called glycosaminoglycan.
After bosaminoglycan enters our skin,
it can promote the production of glycosaminoglycan
, which is the production of the filler of the ball.
If more is produced,
the ball will become bigger.
So
if the number of balls increases and
the individual balls become bigger,
then our mattress will become thicker, and
the elasticity and fullness of our dermis
will increase. Does
it have anti-aging properties?
Why is it said that bosaminoglycan can only repair
but not anti-aging? It
is because
it defines repair as a process of barrier thickening
, but in fact it does not conflict with anti-aging
. Anti-aging
is always It is not something that can be solved by a single channel.
It must be a very comprehensive solution.
Our barrier becomes thicker,
the skin's tolerance becomes stronger,
the skin becomes firmer
, fuller
and more abundant.
Isn't it also a means of anti-aging? What about the products
on the market
that have added the ingredient phosphene?
Before 2022,
only brands of the L'Oreal Group
have products with this ingredient added phosphene.
Based on my own experience, I
will introduce to you several products that I think are very good
that have added phosphene.
I have put them at the end of the video
and you can take them yourself.
The third question
: A friend said that
he used two skin care products to rub mud.
Is this skin care product in vain?
Let me give you the next conclusion.
As long as you rub the mud off,
it is in vain. Why is
it said that the mud is useless if you rub it off?
Because the mud is the film formed by your product
on the surface of your skin. This film contains
all the effective ingredients
of the product.
If you rub it into
strips and it falls off,
it will not be on your face.
How can it be useful?
Then why is it easy to rub mud when products are stacked?
An important reason is that this product
contains an ingredient
that can easily absorb oil and
film-forming agents.
Its own property
is to wrap these film-forming agents and
oils together.
Then, when you rub your face,
you just need to rub it off
and it will pull these film-forming agents
and oils down together.
It is similar to the principle of rain
. How does it rain?
There is dust acting as a condensation nucleus
, and it wraps a lot of water vapor.
When it is heavy enough,
rain falls.
The property of this substance
is
that it wraps enough film-forming agents and oils,
and when you rub it, you give it an external force,
and it pulls
all these things down together.
The ingredient I am talking about
is ceramide, which
is well known to everyone.
When there is ceramide in your face cream,
it is very easy to rub into mud.
In addition to ceramide,
there are some powdered inorganic substances
that also have this property,
such as silica, starch, talc,
mica, montmorillonite, etc.,
which are also very easy to rub into mud
. So how to solve this problem
? Actually, it is very simple
. Just don't rub it.
For
example, if it is a facial cream,
we melt it in our hands and
mix it evenly. Then press it on the face.
Don't rub it.
As long as it stays on your face
, it can still play its role.
There is also a special case.
Even if it is not rubbed into mud and falls off,
it is still useless.
This situation is a typical ingredient conflict.
For example, when the original essence of VC
and all products containing alkaline thickeners
are mixed together,
the system will be destroyed
, and the entire film-forming system will become fragments.
You will feel that the film falls off like crumbs.
So what are alkaline thickeners? They refer to
those ingredients that must be in an alkaline environment
to thicken
and form a film
. Typically, if you look for them in the formula table,
As long as it says carbomer,
sodium polyacrylate, and
hydroxypropyl methylcellulose,
these are alkaline thickeners.
When they encounter acid,
such as the original form of vitamin C,
such as salicylic acid, glycolic acid, etc.,
their film-forming and thickening properties will collapse.
It will be reflected on your face as flakes and
mud will fall off when you rub it. The solution to this problem
is not to use these two types of products together,
because no matter whether you rub it or not,
the mud will come off, so it’s useless
. For example,
most of Johnson
& Johnson’s body lotions are thickened with carbomer,
so don’t add VC powder for whitening.
If you have more questions,
please feel free to contribute in the comment area.
I will answer them one by one in subsequent videos.
I am the formulator Xingxing,
welcome to follow,
subscribe and like